# (Task 3)Predicting Target Based on Anonymized Features

This task aims to build a model that can predict a target based on a set of 53 anonymized features provided in the internship_train.csv dataset. The target metric for evaluation is RMSE. The model should be used to generate predictions for the internship_hidden_test.csv dataset.

## Installation
Clone this repository
```
git clone https://github.com/MarianPetlovanyi/Quantum_technical_task.git
```
Use the package manager [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/) to install foobar.

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
## FIles
'Data/internship_train.csv': This training dataset contains 53 anonymized features and the target column. This is the dataset that we will use to train our model.

'Data/internship_hidden_test.csv': This is the test dataset that contains the same anonymized features but does not have the target column. It is a test dataset.

'results/predictions_ML.csv': This file contains the predictions generated by ML model.

'results/predictions_DL.csv': This is the file that contains the predictions generated by DL model.

'results/predictions.csv': This is the file that contains copy of predictions generated by DL model.

'task3_neural_network.ipynb': This is a Jupyter notebook that contains the Deep Learning solution for this task.

'task3_neural_network.ipynb': This is a Jupyter notebook that contains the Machine Learning solution for this task.

'task3_analysis.ipynb': This is a Jupyter notebook that contains the analysis for this task.

'requirements.txt': This file lists the Python libraries and their versions used in this project.

## Requirements
This project requires Python 3 and the following libraries:

numpy>=1.22.4

pandas>=1.3.5

tensorflow-cpu>=2.11.0

matplotlib>=3.5.3

notebook>=6.3.0

sklearn-pandas==2.2.0

You can install these libraries by running the following command:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```